---
timestamp: "2025-07-16T00:29:41-06:00"
duration: 3600
transcripts:
id: "1752647381989539812"
filename: "meditation.mp3"
path: "/media/meditation.mp3"
type: "audio"
---

 Sit up. Eyes closed.  Take a breath. And rely.  Your body Feel  Your entire body.  and relax it more  Feel it.  Relaxing Relax  Into nothing. Into nothing.  To all the nothing  Feel it. Experience it.  Be comet.  become nothing. Feel more of it.  Bless of you. Feel your connection to it.  All the nothing. Aware of nothing.  but your sacred heart. Find it.  Feel it. Feel into your heart.  Give it your energy with your attention and your heart  aware of nothing but this feeling in your heart  fall in love with it. Your heart.  That's energy for your heart. Feel it.  experience it, enjoy it, and awaken your heart.  Be grateful for it. It's your heart. Your radiant heart.  That's energy in your heart.  And feel your connection to it Your heart And remember  with feeling it will awaken your heart  Remember this feeling. It's radiant life.  Relaxed in the heart and feel the emotion of your future.  with your heart feel your connection to them with your heart  Remember... This feeling... It's for your heart...  Relaxed in the heart. Aware of nothing. But this feeling  in your heart and tune in to the energy of your future, your heart  Find it. Feel it. It's within you. Your heart.  Sense it It's all around you  In nothing. It's your radiant heart. Intune in.  to that possibility. Connect with your heart. In nothing.  the energy of your future and your connection with your heart  and feel your connection to it. It's all around you.  It's your radiant heart. From the longer you're conscious of this energy. If you're hard.  The more you draw that future to you With your heart And drawing it to you  with your heart feel your connection to it with your heart  Relaxed in the heart and awake in the brain. Feel it.  Relaxed in the heart And awake in the breeze Feel it  Same energy. In your heart.  in your brain. Remember your intention  sending the signal out from your breath. It's your intention.  A frequency in your brain  Feel your connection to it With your brain  Sending the signal out From your radiant brain Oh, where of nothing  with the feeling in your brain in your heart and tune in the energy of your future  Co here in heart Feel it Co here in brain Feel it  Feel your connection to it Relaxed in the heart Feel it  And awaken your breath. Cannot thank.  For whatever you broadcast into the field, if you're hard, in your brain,  your experiment with destiny. So remember  This feeling Let it live in your heart  and awake in your brain. Remember this feeling. It's your connection.  That possibility To your future Fall in love with it  in your heart. Feel it. It's for your brain.  Know it by heart.  with your brain.  Remember This feeling Relaxed in a way  in the heart in the brain. Slowly,  Bring your awareness back to your body, to your environments, to this time,  When you're ready, you can open your eyes, relaxed in a way.  Relaxed in a way, in your heart, in your brain. 
